[Content]Hai wording tweak (#8462)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai reveal 4 middle.txt

			has "Hai Reveal: Pirate Troubles [4]: declined"
			has "hr defeated scar's legion"
	on offer

> 		dialog `While resolving the situation with Scar's Legion, you have learned information which should be reported to Alondo, but apparently he is away somewhere and unavailable for a short while. Simply waiting for him at this point may be suspicious, and this situation is also something Teeneep should be informed of. Perhaps doing so will also help shed some light on what's going on?`

Author: ```suggestion
		dialog `While resolving the situation with Scar's Legion, you have learned information which should be reported to Alondo, but apparently he is away somewhere and unavailable for a short while. Even if the delay were a risk you could afford to take, simply waiting for him at this point may draw suspicion. This whole situation is probably something Teeneep should be informed of, though, and doing so may also help shed some light on the grander schemes at play. Return to and speak with her, instead. `
```

> 		dialog `While resolving the situation with Scar's Legion, you have learned information which should be reported to Alondo, but apparently he is away somewhere and unavailable for a short while. Even if the delay were a risk you could afford to take, simply waiting for him at this point may draw suspicion. This whole situation is probably something Teeneep should be informed of, though, and doing so may also help shed some light on the grander schemes at play. Return to and speak with her, instead. `

Author: ```suggestion
		dialog `While resolving the situation with Scar's Legion, you have learned information which should be reported to Alondo, but apparently he is away somewhere and unavailable for a short while. Even if the delay were a risk you could afford to take, simply waiting for him at this point may draw suspicion. This whole situation is probably something Teeneep should be informed of, though, and doing so may also help shed some light on the grander schemes at play. Return to and speak with her, instead.`
```
